This is the experience or experience as running river or running stream from the mountain.
But generally, that running coke and abiding coke both are the same.
There are no patterns, because both are mind.
Abiding is mind, running is mind, is one's own mind. There is no difference.
There is no difference between the two talks.
Running talk and abiding talk. Both are both. Both are the same nature.
It is the same one, same nature, same mind.
And when that is happening, without disappointment, and the cities are the same.
No comment, don't do this.
An emcee get, is two mind or not? Two different mind or one?
The running mind is one mind and the city mind is another one.
When you emcee get, this is the same.
There is no two different mind.
When you have time, you should do this meditation.
For example, maybe three days.
Or whatever your time.
Do that alone and really reconstabilize your mind.
So you feel this many different mind.
Running mind is one, abiding mind is one, and sparking mind is one.
Then, if you feel like that way, or if you feel like that way,
you feel like you are kissing your grandma.
And again, emcee get, where is that? Or what is really different?
Emcee get, do it alone, do it alone, do it alone, do it alone.
Have you realized that this is the same mind? It's the same, there is no difference in mind.
It's not me, it's not them.
See the kind of something, see the kind of thing, see the kind of thing,
take care of your whole truth.
If you see this same mind, then you also emcee get,
where is it coming from? This is his mind.
And where is this mind going truly? And where is now this mind?
And then, again, when you look this way, when you search this way,
then you will see what the answer comes.
If you look where is mind coming from, if you didn't find,
then that is what you find the source of mind. It is not any find.
And you also see where mind is going.
And when you look to that and you didn't find the destination of the mind,
so then you didn't find destinations or we didn't find the destination.
Then we look to where this mind is abiding.
And then now also we didn't find any abiding supports.
So we didn't find. We did not find the source.
We did not find the destination.
We did not find any platform where mind is sitting now.
So then we didn't find anything.
When you didn't find anything, and then again rest on that stage.
Now don't emcee get and it's rested in the state of not finding.
And that when you didn't find anything, when your intelligence looked,
looked and tried to search, you didn't find anything,
then it's not as then. It's restless.
Or there is no space. And that is, is not as then.
Searching to the wisdom.
You gain the search into the wisdom, there is nothing really find or nothing to tell.
At least we find that.
Not there. Not there, Mr. Henneman.